Hee Hee Hee ah
The two fans just turned to Phoenix
There is true essence in the body
The Murphy bone lives by absorbing moonbirds
Don't come here, you scold me a few words?
We dare not scold
Call you dad
Call him grandpa
You scold me again
Don't hit us after scolding
Scold, second brother
Why don't you call him trash first?
Let the dog come back to the morning newspaper Xiao Yinfeng
I'm going to beat you up today
Come on, yell at me again
Garbage rice bucket big ass
Ah, how dare you suffer from off-road strengthened dust
I can't spare you if I hit someone
big brother
You're welcome, big brother.
It's a good scolding
Big brother thank you
Thank you two big brothers
Why did the second brother and the second brother leave?
Dude, don't run
But my stone heart bone has infinite power
But poisonous
I'm afraid I won't live more than three months